                                                                ASSIGNMENT 4
                                                                KAPIL VERMA 
                                                                2018CS10348
        In this assignment we have made the library of the functions from assignement 3. This library support the functions ADD, SUB, MULT,
        QUOT, ASB.
        Here we are taking the input from the input.txt file and storing the output to the output.txt file.
        Here in ronaldo.c file I have made the two functions for each commands, one is using my library and other using GCC library. The run 
        time of both the function for one command i.e one is from my library and other is form GCC library.
        I have separated the all function like add , sub, mult etc, file by file. So we have different file for each file and finally combined 
        them to generate arbprcesion library. There is a header file which contains signature of each function which i have used to make library.
        Now here is brief introduction for each functions:
        ADD:
                In addition we used char array for inputs. We are iterating the whole array of both the inputs, from last to start. We have take 
                the int at the corresponding index from both the input and then we add them. After addition for digits from both the inputs, Now
                finally we will store this addition to new array. If the addition is greater than 9 than we taking care of carry by subtracting
                addtion by 10.
                In this way can add two numbers using arrays.
        
        SUB:
               In subtraction we used char array for inputs. We are iterating the whole array of both the inputs, from last to start. We have take 
                the int at the corresponding index from both the input and then we sub them. After subtracting the digits from both the inputs, Now
                finally we will store this subtraction to new array, If the subtraction is less than 0 than we taking care of carry by -1 and 
                storing the subtraction+10 to new array.
                In this way can add two numbers using arrays.

        MULT:
                Here we are first made a function which will multiple any number by a digit. So now we are iterating the multiplier and multipltying multiplicand
                by digits of multiplier one by one. silmultaneoulsy we are adding the result of multiplication by shifting one every time.
                and finally we will get the result in array which is of char.
        DIV:
                Here we are first comparing the single digit by divisor, if it is negative then we comparing with two digit and it goes on, and if in between 
                it came positive then we subtract it by divisor till again it came negative, silmultaneoulsy we are updating array of quationt.
        ABS:
                Here we have used the function of square which can be done using multiplication function and square root function.
                square root function using "Babylonian method", here i have implemented precision upto 20 digits.
